the north and northeast with finishing tests still lost leandro damião its
authors
the case
christ as way
the objective
Collor who had 46
the shooter and 46
laughs
46 of the law efe
for being at home in Kent
but in the inter thus things there
the defeat
shoot the peic
I suffered 47 I'm going to take
47 mara again
47 prey
the island's footprint
he has eight
despite the role
these 48 49
yesterday 9 when it was 50 what you pay if you take
attachment
he nickname 50
reiterates
I took it, remember, mother.
those 50 from irga
take a shot but with his head
we still face
fifty in the same year would pay 51 with one per aveiro together
oo channel 41
turn and pull it out 51
of the ecological park
it's going to be a little longer 52 He's going to have to improve a lot
I got this caught
in Brazil
Just play and play a little fifty-two.